[Modules] Format the metadata.json and aligned the Name and Description for all Modules and Updated Readme (#3309)
Azure/ResourceModules: modules/healthcare-apis/workspaces/dicomservices/README.md

> # Health Care API Workspace DICOM Services `[Microsoft.HealthcareApis/workspaces/dicomservices]`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Healthcare API Workspace DICOM Services `[Microsoft.HealthcareApis/workspaces/dicomservices]`
```

> This module deploys a Health Care API Workspace DICOM Service.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This module deploys a Healthcare API Workspace DICOM Service.
```
